Connecting to WiFi...
Connected.
Connecting to xx.xx.xx.xx port 4242
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
Waiting for buffer from server
recv 1460 err 0
recv 588 err 0
Writing 2048 bytes to server
tcp_client_sent 1460
tcp_client_sent 588
test success
